This is the "insertAdjacentHTML" documentation page.
If I scroll down just a bit,
we can see that this method needs to be called on a parent element.
This method also needs to be called with two arguments,
the position, and the text.
Now, it's important to realize that this is actually text.
Similar to the text content property,
this has to be text and not HTML.
If you pass HTML, then that HTML will actually be displayed.
Now this position property,
it's easier to see when we look at where they go.
These are the four items right here: "beforebegin",
"afterbegin", "beforeend", and "afterend".
But let's actually just check out the visualization down here.
So, if the element in question is this paragraph tank,
these are where the four positions go.
"beforebegin" will appear before the element.
"afterbegin" will appear right after it,
as the first child.
"beforeend" will appear right before the closing tag,
as its last child.
And then, "afterend" will appear right after the paragraph element, as a sibling.